Let's talk about flowers.
She is a floral designer after ten days Juliana.
it is attractive and tax
for who prefers to wait said the leader
henrique who was most injured
highlight of the visiting team got 13 the IMF informed the effect
is a very special item within Nelore owl floriculture is a
relatively small variety
but now exists for the genetic modifications of several
types of plants that said they whistled to what today can be treated as
perfect mentor
you can have your home in a small corner
money is part of what is called these extraneous factors
it did and we have the basic account of the cut lines
they are planted are the divas cut lines are those we use to
make love
floral angels
teams and already took their government and praised her by the siate vision system
but we have for example that the nostrils are counted
is this barrier is a mini I get upset so she usually is
very large né ii with the genetic modification one can get a plant
smaller
including this consultation just have good nutrition
but with small trees but here it is genetically assembled it is not like a
good site you are cutting the countries for it to keep because it is not right
and she is already in this one that tomorrow right this is the draft beer are very
the doctor said in any month indicating that she is
dengue epidemic
rita is to better clarify the energy in the central Italian area
and at those times these are my good chances
before they are very beautiful, and they can also be classified invasion
from China and I hope the plant
in the case of pink aline is an exception to where you have that is coming to measure
I love them every day, so it has a beautiful flowering, and then I would
shame handed him there are also several species and outstanding sales
and thales sa and the mini begonia that she does not get out much this morning also has
some color options
and then we have the bromeliads
There's a thing you have is a shorter mothers a little smaller These are all so
little big but they're still missing they're right né
and then another merge deic pineapple in fact we have something like that
if you have some seminis plants they are small like these and have other
what is aflore is small
is the case for example of the mini pineapple and the maize pineapple and energy
we create is still a challenge
and it is much used to make arrangements
their team
My pleasure is he is very interesting.
after which we have orchids in orc India has mini-picking and
I will accept some
It is a type of orchid that you have it will not grow more in day than the
people were wonderful from the front staff
these three session election campaigns
the electricity will put next to the other two
after having to talk about him
on q3 but these review studies
and is also a plant
fairly extensive will last a beautiful 20 days a person buy penn during
less two three weeks a munich plant at home né
is this is a goal to miniaturization even it will not grow much more than
that this
then you have the beginner assis and osama how hard it is for us to see
we see people is that among the most common is the idea is
working with him can not do it anymore
than to stop, huh?
and oscillating rudeness used very beautiful they in arrangements are plants
wonderful
enter but you have a folded in then I get internal arrangement
It's very beautiful
that they are also
this is certain that it is also a pretty pretty plant she would have folded to the
contrary to nasser where the difference of
the disk reader they want
and then on the bills we still have way - and mini cards
and as their turn they also have different characteristics and care
If mikati graduates there is very little water so if you put two
droplets per week is more than imagined and if discussed the land stays
wet
is what you miss the plant because it can rather have a quick land try
pib shut kamba saints then aceco ti we have cause to be sequels is that
all those that are cutting
so then we will shut up you are those types of glass of milk powder
they are in cause
This one has nothing or a curious boy.
there are people who do not allow another wine can say that it is a lower quality
dodo anthurium
it is the little house that the cabin also that house and I spoke the plan is great
in chile we have wrong in an example is the big village and the plant
It's 40 centimeters more or less but this one is small for you too.
make my life
good and has three other options